Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being. –Kevin Kruse
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. –Albert Einstein
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.  –Robert Frost
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. –Florence Nightingale
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. –Wayne Gretzky
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. –Michael Jordan
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. –Amelia Earhart
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. –Babe Ruth
 Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. –W. Clement Stone
 We must balance conspicuous consumption with conscious capitalism. –Kevin Kruse
 Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. –John Lennon
 We become what we think about. –Earl Nightingale
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. –Mark Twain
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. –Charles Swindoll
 The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. –Alice Walker
 The mind is everything. What you think you become.  –Buddha
 The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. –Chinese Proverb
 An unexamined life is not worth living. –Socrates
 Eighty percent of success is showing up. –Woody Allen
 Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. –Steve Jobs
 Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. –Vince Lombardi
 I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. –Stephen Covey
 Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. –Pablo Picasso
 You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. –Christopher Columbus
 I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. –Maya Angelou
 Either you run the day, or the day runs you. –Jim Rohn
 Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. –Henry Ford
 The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. –Mark Twain
 Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. –Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra
 People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily. –Zig Ziglar
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage. –Anais Nin
If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. –Vincent Van Gogh
 There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. –Aristotle
 Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you. –Jesus
 The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. –Ralph Waldo Emerson
 Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined. –Henry David Thoreau
 When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. –Erma Bombeck
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.  –Booker T. Washington
 Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. – Ancient Indian Proverb
 Believe you can and you’re halfway there. –Theodore Roosevelt
 Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair
 We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. –Plato
 Teach thy tongue to say, “I do not know,” and thous shalt progress. –Maimonides
 Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can. –Arthur Ashe
 When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life. –John Lennon
 Fall seven times and stand up eight. –Japanese Proverb
 When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. –Helen Keller
 Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. –Confucius
 How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. –Anne Frank
 When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. –Lao Tzu
 Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. –Maya Angelou
 Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions. –Dalai Lama
 If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on. –Sheryl Sandberg
 First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. –Aristotle
 If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. –Latin Proverb
 You can’t fall if you don’t climb.  But there’s no joy in living your whole life on the ground. –Unknown
 We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. –Marie Curie
 Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. –Les Brown
 Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. –Joshua J. Marine
 If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. –Booker T. Washington
 I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. –Leonardo da Vinci
 Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. –Jamie Paolinetti
 You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame. –Erica Jong
 What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. –Bob Dylan
